120 small sigtrygg runestone dr 4 annotation (#121)
Virtual-Viking-Longship/Ship-Annotations: object_annotations/small-sigtrygg-runestone.md

> The smaller of the two Sigtrygg runestones from Hedeby was found in 1887 at Gottorf Castle. The inscription reads: “Asfrid, Odinkar’s daughter, made these monuments in memory of King Sigtrygg, her son and Gnupa’s. Gormr carved the runes.” (Department of Scandinavian languages)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Small Sigtrygg Runestone (DR 4)**

The smaller of the two Sigtrygg runestones from Hedeby was found in 1887 at Gottorf Castle. The inscription reads: “Asfrid, Odinkar’s daughter, made these monuments in memory of King Sigtrygg, her son and Gnupa’s. Gormr carved the runes” (Scandinavian Runic-text Database).
```
